So here's the thing.
Why don't you believe
Why can't we have a wise girl in Longmen?
Hello, please return these things the same way.
I have already told Mr. Yang
invincible
I take his heart
But I really can't accept these things.
What do you refuse?
These gifts have nothing to do with you.
It's not for him, who is it for?
It's for Liu Huixin, Ms. Liu
My wife gave it to me
It's for you.
These gifts are specially prepared by our Mr. Yang
To thank you for your service to our Hezhong Province
Cultivated a good seedling
Hahaha ouch
I told you
Where does this money-losing product get so much face?
It turned out that my good daughter won glory for our Liu family
Ouch.
Only our Huixin is my mother's good daughter
I'd like to see it
After this Lin Wenwen's identity was made public
Will my sister and mom still be so happy?